Where is uncle going to take them?
Yancheng Management
Why are you here?
I saw through it long ago that you designed it.
Just count by weight
Do you think I will really put my sister
Marry someone like Yuan Kai?
Waiting for you to take the bait
Don't be afraid son
Mom, help your mom
How can you save me?
Shut up and don't move
Don't you want to feel me?
Now what do you do?
Let my sister go
Perhaps I can spare your life
Yuan Chenguang wants us to let me go today, Mr. Ma
Or take your sister and die for you
Maya Gang, you have ruined my life
You still don't let me go
You stupid and stupid woman
It's your blessing that I treat you like this.
You go to hell.